High in the previous lecture we have been talking about a biological now on networks and basically why
artificial intelligence has came to be in this lecture.
We are going to talk about the concrete model of the biological nervous system so we know for certain
that we are going to have some input and we will have some output.
This is how biological nodal network works.
We have some input activation Dandie now we're on is going to fire or not and the X Suns are going to
transmit this information.
So this is what we are going to do in our programming algorithm.
We will have some input values then we will have a huge network of nouns and axons.
Now Ron is going to be a class in Java for example and the sun can be represented as the Ajay's between
the now roans because the axons are going to transmit information between now runs.
So it is absolutely fine to model the actions as the connections between the now runs.
And of course we will have the output so we will have the network we are going to feed some input to
values the no road network is going to do something at this moment.
It is a black box in the sense that we don't know what's happening inside in our own network.
We know that it's going to do something and it's going to output somewhere else.
You ok for example this is a hand away 10 image we won't recognize.
For us humans it is absolutely easy to do it.
OK it is a number 7 for a computer.
It's very very hard to design an algorithm that's going to come to the conclusion that this is the number
seven.
So we would like to construct an algorithm that can conclude that it is the number seven.
OK this is why artificial intelligence has came to be.
And the approach is the same when we would like to recognize pedestrians while driving for example or
digitalize a hand written book or article.
So basically this correcta recognition is very very important.
OK.
So again now rowans only failure when input is larger than a given threshold.
So firing doesn't get bigger as a stimulus increases.
It's an all or nothing arrangement.
We have already discussed it in the previous lecture and this is why we are going to use activation
functions.
But the question is how to model that now the network it south.
OK we know that it's going to get some output values.
We know that the natural network is going to output soundwell use but how to model now really network
it south and a good approach is to use a graph.
We know it's the nodes are going to be the now rowans and the edges of the graph are going to be the
axons.
So this model is quite fine.
We have the now Network.
It's going to be a graph as you can see we have the nodes or vertices and the directed edges.
So basically the connections between now want this is how a graph looks like.
I'm not sure whether you are familiar with grandfather rhythm's maximum flow algorithm data or algorithm
but we have been talking about these kinds of graphs in the main.
So again we are going to have to impute well use and we are going to feed them now.
And that works with the input values from this direction then our own network is going to do something
and is going to have an output.
So again we have the important values here.
We will have the output where you and then now rail network is going to do the calculations at this
point.
We don't need to know that how it's going to make the calculations.
We know for certain that OK we are going to talk about that propagation we are going to talk about gradiently
sand okay.
But what's very important that the now run network is going to be able to do these calculations if we
have a model like this we the directed Ajay's with actuates and now roans Okay.
So we have the input layer some hidden layer.
It's quite important to know by the way that there may be several hidden layers in and out and that
work.
At the moment we just have a single hidden layer and we have the output layer.
Okay so what about the input layer we keep feeding on our own network.
We date through the input layer.
For example we have an image of a digit then we convert it to our G-B values.
So every single pixel will have a numerical value.
So we have as many input now known as the number of pixels in the image.
Then the hidden layer it is needed in order to make predictions when we have non-linear problems we
are going to talk about it and we have the output layer.
We have the result here for example the predicted digit OK.
So this is a model for humans.
We see a handwritten correcter.
This is the impled basically that we can recognize that correcter that's the output for computers.
Of course we have to transform the image into numerical data.
We have to make a prediction was correct or it might be.
But what's extremely important that if we have some algorithm.
Machine learning.
Now all networks supper object are machines.
Of course we need numerical data.
So first we have to iterate through basically the images line by line and we have to process the pixels
and we are going to assign a numerical value to every single cell because the algorithm is going to
make the computation based on numerical data.
OK.
And the last question in this video that we're going to use now networks because several problems can
be solved with well-defined algorithms.
This is what we have been discussing that sorting numbers multiplication addition but some problems
cannot be easily defined with an exact algorithm facial recognition or optical character recognition
and something like this.
So most of the problems we try to solve with no real networks are quite trivial to humans.
So if we have a well-defined algorithm to a given problem we don't have to use now run networks calculating
the square root of a given number.
Of course we don't have to use now.
And that works we can calculate it quite easily but if we have a problem that's not orthodox in the
sense that there is no predefined algorithm for facial recognition optical correct recognition speech
recognition.
In these cases.
Now real networks can be a good solution so that's all about how to model biological and nervous system.
Thanks for watching.